Add Node Selector in ACNP/ANP ingress/egress rules (#3038)
antrea-io/antrea: docs/antrea-network-policy.md

select Fully Qualified Domain Names (FQDNs), specified either by exact name or wildcard
expressions, when defining `egress` rules.

**nodeSelector**: This selects certain Node IPs as ingress from address or egress to address.

> It is applicable only to the `from` section in an `ingress` block or the `to` section in an `egress` block.

Reviewer: Please refer to the existing doc for `podSelector` and `namespaceSelector` fields

Author: Updated.

specifies both namespaceSelector and podSelector selects particular Pods within
particular Namespaces.

**nodeSelector**: This selects particular Nodes in cluster.

> The selected Node's IPs will set as "sources" if `nodeSelector` set in `ingress` section, or as "destinations" if set in

Author: Done.

specifies both namespaceSelector and podSelector selects particular Pods within
particular Namespaces.

**nodeSelector**: This selects particular Nodes in cluster. The selected Node's

> IPs will set as "sources" if `nodeSelector` set in `ingress` section, or as

Reviewer 2: will set as -> will be used as

set in -> is set in the

Author: Done.

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector 

> NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector. Add Node IPs to address group memberSet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector. It adds Node IPs to address group memberSet.
```
And this is user facing doc, I'm not sure if users can understand "address group memberSet". At least there is no other fields mentioning it. Could you aligh with the description of other similar fields?

Author: Updated.

> The following rule applied to Pods with label `app=antrea-test-app` and will `Drop` egress traffic to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following rule applies to Pods with label `app=antrea-test-app` and will `Drop` egress traffic to 
```

Author: Done.

> Nodes which has labels `kubernetes.io/hostname=kind-control-plane`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nodes which have the labels `kubernetes.io/hostname=kind-control-plane`.
```

Author: Done.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Insert an empty line before a code block

Author: Done.

apiVersion: crd.antrea.io/v1alpha1
kind: ClusterNetworkPolicy
metadata:
  name: egress-control-plane
spec:
  priority: 1
  appliedTo:
    - podSelector:
        matchLabels:
          app: antrea-test-app
  egress:
    - action: Drop
      to:
        - nodeSelector:
            matchExpressions:
              - key: kubernetes.io/hostname
                operator: In
                values:

>                   - kind-control-plane

Reviewer: Maybe a more proper example for your use case is:
```
matchExpressions:
- key: node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane
  operator: Exists
```
as `hostname` can only match a single host.

Author: Done.

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector

> NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector. It adds Node IPs to egress rules in `to` field

Reviewer 2: I just wonder any other CNIs support similar features? Do they use NodeSelector only for from/to or also for appliedTo, or even enforce policies on the Node traffic with NodeSelector?

Author: Both Calico and Cilium use NodeSelector also for 'appliedTo', and enforce policies on the Node traffic, AFAIK.
However, supporting host-firewall would be a bigger feature than this.

Reviewer 2: So, appliedTo is always for Node traffic, not for selecting Pods on the Nodes?

Author: You are right. I think so.

Author: You are right. I think so.

Reviewer 2: Ok.

> NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector. It adds Node IPs to egress rules in `to` field

Reviewer 2: How about:
> When used in the `to` field of an egress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's destination address group; when used in the `from` field of an ingress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's source address group.

Author: Updated.

or ingress rules in `from` filed.

> The following rule applies to Pods with label `app=antrea-test-app` and will `Drop` egress traffic to

Reviewer 2: If you want a new line, add an extra new line here.

Author: Done.

> Nodes which have the labels `node-role.kubernetes.io/control-plane`.

Reviewer 3: nit: on TCP port 6443

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector

NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector.
When used in the `to` field of an egress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's destination address group;
when used in the `from` field of an ingress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's source address group.

> Notice that rule with a nodeSelector only restrict the traffic to/from default Node IPs in cluster,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that when a rule with a nodeSelector applies to a Node, it only restricts the traffic to/from certain IPs of the Node. The IPs include:
1. The Node IP 
2. ...
3. ...
```

Author: Updated.

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector

NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector.
When used in the `to` field of an egress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's destination address group;
when used in the `from` field of an ingress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's source address group.

Notice that when a rule with a nodeSelector applies to a Node, it only restricts the traffic to/from certain IPs of the Node.
The IPs include:  

> 1.The Node IP(the IP addresses of nodeInterface);  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Node IP (the IP address in the Node API object)
```
Please follow markdown syntax

> 2.The Antrea gateway IP(the IP addresses of Antrea gatewayInterface);  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Antrea gateway IP (the IP address of the interface antrea-agent will create and use for Node-to-Pod communication)
```

Author: Done.

> 3.The transport IP(the IP addresses of transportInterface);  

Author: Done.

> Traffic to/from other interfaces of the Node will be ignored.

Author: Done.

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector

NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector.
When used in the `to` field of an egress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's destination address group;
when used in the `from` field of an ingress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's source address group.

Notice that when a rule with a nodeSelector applies to a Node, it only restricts the traffic to/from certain IPs of the Node.
The IPs include:  

1. The Node IP (the IP address in the Node API object)
2. The Antrea gateway IP (the IP address of the interface antrea-agent will create and use for Node-to-Pod communication)
3. The transport IP (the IP address of the interface used for tunneling or routing the traffic across Nodes) if it's different from Node IP

> Traffic to/from other IPs of the Node will be ignored.

Author: ```suggestion
Traffic to/from other IPs of the Node will be ignored.
Meanwhile, `NodeSelector` doesn’t affect the traffic between local Pod and local Node, the traffic to/from local Node will be bypassed by default, this makes sure that [agents on a node (e.g. system daemons, kubelet) can communicate with all pods on that node](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#the-kubernetes-network-model).For more information, see [https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/issues/280](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/issues/280)
```

Author: @hongliangl @tnqn Any comments about the new doc change?

Reviewer 4: pod -> Pod 
node -> Node

Author: Good catch, updated.

> Traffic to/from other interfaces of the Node will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traffic to/from other IPs of the Node will be ignored.
```

      - fqdn: "svcA.default.svc.cluster.local"
```

## Node Selector

NodeSelector selects certain Nodes which match the label selector.
When used in the `to` field of an egress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's destination address group;
when used in the `from` field of an ingress rule, it adds the Node IPs to the rule's source address group.

Notice that when a rule with a nodeSelector applies to a Node, it only restricts the traffic to/from certain IPs of the Node.
The IPs include:  

1. The Node IP (the IP address in the Node API object)
2. The Antrea gateway IP (the IP address of the interface antrea-agent will create and use for Node-to-Pod communication)
3. The transport IP (the IP address of the interface used for tunneling or routing the traffic across Nodes) if it's different from Node IP

Traffic to/from other IPs of the Node will be ignored.

> Meanwhile, `NodeSelector` doesn’t affect the traffic between local Pod and local Node, the traffic to/from local Node will be bypassed by default, this makes sure that [agents on a Node (e.g. system daemons, kubelet) can communicate with all Pods on that Node](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/#the-kubernetes-network-model).For more information, see [https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/issues/280](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/issues/280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, `NodeSelector` doesn’t affect the traffic from Node to Pods running on that Node. Such traffic will always be allowed to make sure that [agents on a Node (e.g. system daemons, kubelet) can communicate with all Pods on that Node](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/#the-kubernetes-network-model) to perform liveness and readiness probes. For more information, see [https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/104](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/104).
```

> Meanwhile, `NodeSelector` doesn’t affect the traffic from Node to Pods running on that Node. Such traffic will always be allowed to make sure that [agents on a Node (e.g. system daemons, kubelet) can communicate with all Pods on that Node](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/#the-kubernetes-network-model) to perform liveness and readiness probes. For more information, see [https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/104](https://github.com/antrea-io/antrea/pull/104).

Reviewer: Please break the line into multiple lines, aligning with other lines

Author: Updated.
